1. Features of Java 

Java is pure object oriented lanaguage as it concerned and give atmost imporatance to data rather than code. 

Java is the easiest language to code and has many pre-defined libraries and function also .

It is platform independent as different JRE on each platform can make the runtime enviornment and we can run the java .class files


2. Inheritance 

	Abstract: Is used when we don't want to instantiate the object of any class then we simply declare it with abstract and the 
                  class that extends the Abstarct Class have to override the abstarct methods declare in the base class.

       Interface: In the interface we declare those which we want each class that implements it should provide the definition 
                  . in this we can't declare any variables. we use Implements Keyword to implement the interface in the class  

      Final : This has three usage . 
               1. If a class is final than we can't inherit that class into any sub class 
               2. if a method is final then we can't override it in the derived class 
               3. If any variable is is final then we can't change it's value as it menas it a const variable 

3. Collection API Testing

We have learn List ,ArrayList ,Set and Map in this API 

In List and ArrayList we can add any numbers of items and don't have to say the size beforehand.

Set is ainterface and used to store elements without any duplicates allowed . There are many time of Set HashSet ,TreeSet ( It stored the 
data in ascending order . 

Similarly we have Map and it contains data in Key Value Pair . In the Map we should have unique Keys corresponding to each value and here also
 duplicacy is not allowed and each key can have atmost one value init .

4. Thread

Thread is a class and are used by Java to run different programs concurrently . To do So we need to override the run() method in 
the class that extends Thread class and In main we execute the Thread by Calling start() method . 

5. Exception Handling 

There are many kinds of exception that might occur when we run the program Like for example Divide By zero , ArryOutOfBoundException, NullPointerException and many More 
So Java Uses try ... catch block to handle the exception and if we want any code to execute independent of excpetion occurence then we put that code in Finally block .



